Add ws command line interface. (#23)
luckyframework/wordsmith: README.md

Wordsmith::Inflector.parameterize("Admin/product") # "admin-product"
```

> Wordsmith along with a `ws `command for works on command line, you can download it directly from [releases page](https://github.com/luckyframework/wordsmith/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wordsmith comes with a `ws` CLI utility which allows you to process words from the command line. You can download it directly from the [releases page](https://github.com/luckyframework/wordsmith/releases).
```

```sh
Usage: ws <option> WORD

Wordsmith is a library for pluralizing, singularizing and doing
other fun and useful things with words.

Command `ws` is the command line version of Wordsmith, not all

> feature of Wordsmith is implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features of Wordsmith are implemented.
```
